[libcxx] reorganises the hardening documentation (#73159)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/Hardening.rst

the standard library. Different hardening modes make different trade-offs
between the amount of checking and runtime performance. The available hardening
modes are:

- **Unchecked mode/none**, which disables all hardening checks.
- **Fast mode**, which contains a set of security-critical checks that can be
  done with relatively little overhead in constant time and are intended to be

>   used in production. We recommend most projects to adopt the fast mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  used in production. We recommend most projects to adopt the Fast mode.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not a native speaker, but I think you use it as a proper noun in this context. The name of the mode is "Fast". It's not about the mode being fast.

Reviewer: That was exactly what I was trying to say. Thanks for chiming in, @philnik777 !!

Author: It's a compound noun, not a proper noun.

Perhaps a different context will help: if we were recommending trees instead of hardening modes, it would be "We recommend most projects adopt the gum tree", not "We recommend most projects adopt the Gum tree".

Reviewer 2: My understanding is that that still depends on the context. If we have an individual tree named "Gum", we would recommend the Gum tree, not the gum tree. This can probably be debated, but in the end I don't actually care that much. I haven't studied English and don't plan to. I can't even speak my native language properly.

Reviewer: > My understanding is that that still depends on the context. If we have an individual tree named "Gum", we would recommend the Gum tree, not the gum tree. This can probably be debated, but in the end I don't actually care that much. I haven't studied English and don't plan to. I can't even speak my native language properly.

I'm with @philnik777 100%. We've already "wasted" way too much time here! 

> It's a compound noun, not a proper noun.
> 
> Perhaps a different context will help: if we were recommending trees instead of hardening modes, it would be "We recommend most projects adopt the gum tree", not "We recommend most projects adopt the Gum tree".

I agree with this particular example. However, I think that it's slightly inapplicable to the example here. But, again, we've already done way too much bikeshedding here! 

Thanks for the work, @cjdb !

Reviewer 3: (also not a native speaker) FWIW, I think this is purely a matter of style whether to capitalize the names of the modes. I personally prefer to mark them as code using Markdown when supported, while I find capitalization distracting.

Reviewer: Thanks for weighing in @var-const -- that was the reason I suggested capitalization. I just wanted them to stand out a little!

> - **Extensive mode**, which contains all the checks from the fast mode and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Extensive mode**, which contains all the checks from the Fast mode and
```

>   additionally some checks for undefined behavior that incur relatively little

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  some additional checks for undefined behavior that incur relatively little
```

>   overhead but aren't security-critical. While the performance penalty is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  overhead but aren't security-critical. While the performance penalty in Extensive mode is
```

Author: I think this one is already apparent from context.

>   somewhat more significant compared to the fast mode, the extensive mode is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  somewhat more significant compared to the Fast mode, the Extensive mode is
```

>   still intended to be usable in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  still intended for use in production builds.
```

Reviewer: Ah, I see what you are saying, @var-const ! If I hear you correctly, you are saying that the rephrasing makes it seem like a recommendation to use this mode whereas the original phrasing has more of a "using this mode will not fail."

- **Debug mode**, which enables all the available checks in the library,
  including internal assertions, some of which might be very expensive. This
  mode is intended to be used for testing, not in production.

.. note::

   Enabling hardening has no impact on the ABI.

Notes for users
---------------

> As a user, you can consult your vendor to know which level of hardening is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a libc++ user, consult with your vendor to determine the level of hardening
```

.. warning::

   The exact numeric values of these macros are unspecified and users should not
   rely on them (e.g. expect the values to be sorted in any way).

.. warning::

   If you would prefer to override the hardening level on a per-translation-unit
   basis, you must do so **before** including any headers to avoid `ODR issues`_.

.. _`ODR issues`: https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/definition#:~:text=is%20ill%2Dformed.-,One%20Definition%20Rule,-Only%20one%20definition

.. note::

   Since the static and shared library components of libc++ are built by the
   vendor, setting this macro will have no impact on the hardening mode for the
   pre-built components. Most libc++ code is header-based, so a user-provided
   value for ``_LIBCPP_HARDENING_MODE`` will be mostly respected.

Notes for vendors
-----------------

Vendors can set the default hardening mode by providing ``LIBCXX_HARDENING_MODE``
as a configuration option, with the possible values of ``none``, ``fast``,
``extensive`` and ``debug``. The default value is ``none`` which doesn't enable
any hardening checks (this mode is sometimes called the ``unchecked`` mode).

> This option controls both the hardening mode that the precompiled library is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``LIBCXX_HARDENING_MODE`` option controls both the hardening mode that the precompiled library is
```

Author: I think this one is already apparent from context.

Reviewer: Makes sense!!
